BD-3156 Landing pages beta (#7486)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/landing_pages/drag_and_drop.md

---

> nav_title: Drag-and-drop Landing Pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_title: Drag-and-Drop Landing Pages
```

article_title: Creating Drag-and-Drop Landing Pages
description: "This article covers how to create and customize Braze landing pages with the drag-and-drop editor."
page_order: 31
hidden: true
alias: /landing_pages/drag_and_drop/
---

# Drag-and-drop landing pages

> Using the drag-and-drop editor, you can create and customize a landing page to grow your audience and collect preferences directly in Braze.

{% alert important %}
Landing pages are currently in beta. Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in this beta.
{% endalert %}

![GIF demonstrating how components can be dragged and dropped into an editor to create a landing page.][1]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

> Check out our [Customer Ed Quick Tips]() video to get a jumpstart on creating Braze landing pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [Customer Ed Quick Tips]() video to get a jumpstart on creating Braze landing pages.
```
Missing a link here! Also, curious about the styling of the text, is that a Braze(tm) thing? "Customer Education Quick Tips"?

> Check out our [Customer Ed Quick Tips]() video to get a jumpstart on creating Braze landing pages.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Creating a landing page (drag-and-drop)

### Step 1: Create a landing page

Go to **Messaging** > **Landing Pages** and select **Create landing page**, or select the name of an existing one to duplicate it or make changes to it.

![The "Landing Pages" page showing a list of existing landing pages and a button to "Create landing page".][2]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

### Step 2: Set up your landing page details

#### General details

The landing page name and description are used to search for the page in your internal workspace. These won't be visible to your customers.

#### Site details

Set up metatags to customize how your page appears on the browser tab and optimize for search engine results. These will be visible to your customers.

We suggest following these best practices:

| Detail | Description | Recommendations |
| --- | --- |

> | Site title | The title that displays on the brower tab. | Use a maximum of 60 characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Site title | The title that displays on the browser tab. | Use up to 60 characters. |
```

The editor uses two types of components for landing page composition: rows and blocks. All blocks must be placed in a row.

![The "Build" editor section containing "Rows" and "Form Blocks".][4]{: style="max-width:30%;"}

#### Form block

If you include a form block, you must include at least one button with the toggle turned on for **Submit form when button is clicked**. You should also create another landing page for the [confirmation state](#confirmation-state).

![A form block that registers a new customer and will send a discount code to their email.][5]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

#### Page container styles

You can set styles to be applied across all relevent component blocks in your landing page from the **Page container** tab. These styles will be used everywhere on your page except where you override them with a specific block.

We recommend setting up page container-level styles before you customize styles at the block level. You can also add a background image for the entire page.

![The page container with options to customize background images, colors, border details, and content styling.][6]{: style="max-width:30%;"}

### Step 4: Preview your landing page

> You can preview your landing page in the editor's **Preview** tab, but testing functionality is disabled for the beta. After you save your landing page as a draft, you can visit the URL under **URL handle** to preview the page on your browser. You can also share the URL with collaborators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can preview your landing page in the editor's **Preview** tab, but testing functionality is disabled for the beta. After saving your landing page as a draft, you can visit the URL under **URL handle** to preview the page on your browser. You can also share the URL with collaborators.
```

## Linking to your landing page

In beta, you can include a link to the landing page in any channel by copying and pasting the link into a Braze message or social media campaign.

## Handling form submission errors

If a user inputs an invalid form value (such as unaccepted special characters), they will see a generic error indicator that isn't customizable and won't be able to submit the form. You can view the error behavior in the **Preview** tab and the preview landing page.

## Merging users created from your landing page

During the beta, each form submission on a landing page will create a new anonymous user profile in Braze. If a user with the same email address already exists, you can merge the new user profile into the existing profile using the [`/users/merge`]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/user_data/post_users_merge#merging-unidentified-user) endpoint. To learn about the different ways to deduplicate users in Braze, see [Duplicate users]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/duplicate_users).

## Considerations

> - The landing page body size can be a maximum of 1 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The landing page body size can be up to 1 MB.
```

## Frequently asked questions

### What happens when a user submits their information on the landing page?

When a user submits a form, a new Braze user profile is created with the submitted user data.

{% alert note %}

> During the beta, Braze will create a new user with each form submission regardless of where the user clicks on the landing page from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the beta, Braze will create a new user with each form submission regardless of where the user clicks on the landing page.
```
